
Validic Commercial Software License Agreement

1. OWNERSHIP, LICENSE GRANT

Subject to the terms below (the 'License Agreement'), Motivation
Science, Inc. ('Validic', 'We') grants you license to install and use
the Validic Mobile Library (the 'Software').

This is a license agreement and not an agreement for sale. We reserve
ownership of all intellectual property rights inherent in or relating to
the Software, which include, but are not limited to, all copyright,
patent rights, all rights in relation to registered and unregistered
trademarks (including service marks), confidential information
(including trade secrets and know-how) and all rights other than those
expressly granted by this Agreement or by separate contract between you
and Validic.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, we grant
to you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to install and use the
Software on workstations used by you and for you to distribute the
Software as part of your applications or games, solely in connection
with distribution of the Software in accordance with sections 3 and 4
below. This license is not sublicensable except as explicitly set forth
herein.


3. DISTRIBUTION

Subject to terms of any contract between you and Validic, you may
distribute the Software in any applications, frameworks, or elements
(collectively referred to as "Applications") that you develop using the
Software in accordance with this License Agreement, provided that such
distribution does not violate the restrictions set forth in section 4 of
this agreement.

4. PROHIBITED USES

You may not redistribute the Software or Modifications other than by
including the Software or a portion thereof within Your own product. 
You are explicitly not allowed to redistribute the Software or
Modifications as part of any product that can be described as a
development toolkit or library or is intended for use by software
developers or application developers and not end-users.

5. TERMINATION

This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon termination of your
contract with Validic, or if you fail to comply with the limitations
described in this Agreement. No notice shall be required to effectuate
such termination. Upon termination, you must remove and destroy all
copies of the Software. For the avoidance of doubt, failure to pay
invoices, sharing of license keys between users, and/or reselling of
activated license keys will result in termination of this agreement.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

YOU AGREE THAT WE HAVE MADE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, ORAL OR WRITTEN, TO
YOU REGARDING THE SOFTWARE AND THAT THE SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED TO
YOU 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. YOUR RIGHTS MAY
VARY DEPENDING ON THE STATE IN WHICH YOU LIVE. WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, COVER, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

YOU USE THIS PROGRAM SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSS, OR
OTHER INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY,
EXCEED THE COST OF THE SOFTWARE. THIS LIMITATION SHALL APPLY TO CLAIMS
OF PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

8. UPDATES

You are entitled to receive updates to this software only as specified
by separate contract with Validic.

9. MISCELLANEOUS

The license granted herein applies only to the version of the Software
available when purchased in connection with the terms of this Agreement.
Any previous or subsequent license granted to You for use of the
Software shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the agreement
entered in connection with purchase of that version of the Software. You
agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations with
respect to the Software, including without limitation all export and
re-export control laws and regulations.